Q: I want to schedule when my emails go out. Is that possible?
A: Ava automatically schedules emails based on the most optimal time
   to send emails to your prospect based on their time zone!
   While you can't schedule emails yourself, Ava will schedule them
   at random intervals to bypass spam filters and replicate authentic
   human behavior.

   Note: Ava doesn't schedule emails to be sent out during nighttime,
   weekends, and public holidays. She always takes into consideration
   the prospect's time zone.

Q: What is email warmup and why do I need to wait for it?
A: Email warm-up is the process of gradually sending an increasing
   number of emails from a new account to build trust with email
   service providers and avoid spam filters. It involves ensuring
   positive interactions, like opens and replies, to establish a strong
   sender reputation. This process helps ensure your emails are
   delivered successfully and not flagged as spam.

   While the warmup period can seem long at first, it is important to
   remember that skipping this process can significantly harm your
   email deliverability and sender reputation.

Q: Help! Ava Is sending strange messages from my email. Have I been hacked?
A: No need to panic—this is part of the email warm-up process. Ava sends
   messages to bot accounts to help improve your email sender reputation.
   You can identify these warmup emails by looking for the keyword "Artz"
   within the messages.

   These messages are not sent to real people, so there's no need to worry
   about any unintended recipients.

Q: I uploaded a CSV file with thousands of leads, but for some reason my
   leads are not populating. Is there a limit to the amount of leads I can
   have in my CSV file?
A: Yes, there is a limit of 1000 leads per CSV file.

   If you have more than 1000 leads, you can duplicate your campaign while
   keeping the same settings and distribute the leads across multiple CSV
   files. For instance, if you have 5000 leads, you would create four
   duplicate campaigns and assign a CSV file with 1000 leads to each.

Q: Help! I've set up my first campaign but it's not turning on.
A: The answer to that question can vary, however one of the most common
   reasons for this issue is that the campaign settings are missing some
   mandatory fields. This would be hinted by a small pop-up every time you
   try to enable the campaign, so keep an eye out for that!

   If you've filled out all mandatory fields, but are still seeing that
   error, then you should check your signature settings.

   Go to Mailboxes
   Click Edit Sender/Signature

   Regardless of whether you're using Plain or HTML Signature, switch to
   the one you are not using and make sure you've filled out the mandatory
   fields there too. Once you've done so, simply switch back to your
   preferred signature style.

   Mandatory fields are marked with a red asterisk.
